Chicken Briyani

Oil
Cloves
black cardamom
javetri-mace
lime
bayleaf
turmeric
salt
blck cumin
peppercorns
ginger garlic paste
green chilies
mint
fried onions
chicken
coriander leaves
safron
dry nuts optional
Cumin pdr
coriander pdr

Place the chickens in the bowl add green chilis, mint, ginger garlic paste, coriander leaves, peppercorns, black cumin, regular cumin, chili powder, turmeric, salt, cumin pdr, corinader pdr, bayleaves, mace, cinamon, cloves, gr cardamom, blck cardamom, fried onion, add oil, add yogurt, mix all the ingredient---marinade 

Soak the basmati rice for 30 minutes. Boiling water add some oil, salt. Drain rice add to the boiling water, add shay jerra or you can put whole spices (mace, cloves, cinnamon, black cumin, cardamom put in the cheese cloth). Cook rice for 50% done.

Put the marinated chicken to the bottom of the pan, add 50% cooked rice, coriander leave, fried onion, safron water close with tied lid. If it is not tied you can put cloth then lid. Cook in high heat for 5     minutes, 15 min medium, 10 min low heat.


Recipes 2 
Marinate chicken
2 packages of chicken thighs from Natural Grocers (5 pieces)
1/3 cup oil
2 bay leaves
1/2 tsp black pepper
1 stick cinnamon 
3 green cardamom
3 cloves
1 small star anise
3-4 pieces mace
1 tsp shah jeera
1 cup yogurt
Lychen/dagad phool (optional) 
2 tsp salt
1 1/2 tsp cumin powder
2 tsp coriander powder
1/2 -1 tsp chilli powder
1 Tbsp Ginger garlic paste
1/2 turmeric
Chopped cilantro
Chopped mint
Green chilies (optional)
Juice from 1 lime

Powdered all the dry ingredients. Take the skin off the chickens, put it in a bowl.
Add the powder ingredients, coriander powder, turmeric powder, chilli powder, ginger garlic paste
cilantro, mint, green chilies, salt, yogurt and lime juice. Mix them well, cover it and put it in refrigerator over night.
Next day, take it out, add fried onion. Put it in the ducth oven, make sure all the chicken touch the bottom of the dutch oven.
Put it aside.

For the rice.
4 cup of basmati rice (soak for 1 hour)
Soak safron in milk.
1-2 Tbsp Butter

Boil some water, after boiling add 2 1/2 Tbsp salt (make sure it's salty), 1 1/2 tsp shah jeera
3 cloves, 3 green cardamom, mace, 1 cinnamon. Let it cook for 5 minutes.
Add the rice and cook till 70 % done. Turn off the fire.
Add the rice to the dutch oven so it covers the chicken. Cut the butter to small pieces, add on top of rice.
Spread the safron milk and fried onion.

Turn fire to high and cook for 5 minutes, then set the heat to low and cook it for 30 minutes.



