
   Christmas Fruitcake

   recipe image
   Rated: rating
   Submitted By: Karen Uffelman
   Photo By: momo-chan
   Prep Time: 20 Minutes
   Cook Time: 45 Minutes
   Ready In: 11 Days
   Servings: 8

   "It's a shame that fruitcake as a species gets such a bad rap. With
   its two key ingredients - rum and butter - it ought to be a hit. This
   recipe includes dried fruit, instead of the glowing, candied stuff
   we've all learned to associate with fruitcake, and is less dense and
   more cake-like than many fruitcake recipes. It has become a favorite
   of my friends and family around the holidays (even the skeptical
   ones), and is delicious by itself, or covered with a layer of almond
   paste. Fruitcake is also traditional for wedding cake in England, and
   makes a very rich, sophisticated dessert for luncheons or teas."

   Ingredients:

   1/8 cup chopped dried cherries
   1/8 cup chopped dried mango
   1/4 cup dried cranberries
   1/4 cup dried currants
   2 tablespoons chopped candied citron
   1/4 cup dark rum
   1/2 cup butter
   1/4 cup packed brown sugar
   1 egg
   1/2 cup all-purpose flour
   1/8 teaspoon baking soda
   1/4 teaspoon salt
   1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
   1/4 cup unsulfured molasses
   2 tablespoons milk
   1/4 cup chopped pecans
   1/4 cup dark rum, divided

   Directions:

   1. Soak cherries, mango, cranberries, currants, and citron in 1/4 cup
   rum for at least 24 hours. Cover tightly, and store at room
   temperature.

   2. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Butter a 6x3 inch
   round pan, and line with parchment paper.

   3. In a large bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar until
   fluffy. Beat in egg. Whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, and
   cinnamon; mix into butter and sugar in three batches, alternating with
   molasses and milk. Stir in soaked fruit and chopped nuts. Scrape
   batter into prepared pan.

   4. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10
   minutes, then sprinkle with 2 tablespoons rum.

   5. Cut out one piece parchment paper and one piece cheesecloth, each
   large enough to wrap around the cake. Moisten cheesecloth with 1
   tablespoon rum. Arrange cheesecloth on top of parchment paper, and
   unmold cake onto it. Sprinkle top and sides of cake with remaining
   rum. Wrap the cheesecloth closely to the surface of the cake, then
   wrap with paper. Place in an airtight tin, and age for at least 10
   weeks. If storing longer, douse with additional rum for every 10 weeks
   of storage.

   
