Recipe for the poolish 
300ml. Water 
300gr. Flour 
5gr. dry yeast 
5gr. Honey 

Recipe for this pizza dough dough 
POOLISH (ALL) 
WATER 700ml. ...try 785 ml next time
FLOUR 1250GR. 
SALT 40GR.

Make Polish
Prepare the polish 24 hours before you make the pizza.
Combine water, yeast and honey then add the flour. Mix it well.
Let it rest for 1 hour at room temperature then put it in the fridge for 24 hours.

Prepare the dough
Combine 700 ml water and polish. Mix well for a few minutes.
Add ½ of the flour, mix it then add the salt for a few minutes then add the rest of the flour.
Put the dough on the table, knead the dough. Use the scrapper to help gather the dough and make a ball (it’s going to be a little sticky).
Cover and let it rest for 15 minutes.
Put a little olive oil on your hands. Using the scrapper to gather the dough.
Put your hand a grab the dough in the middle and pick it up and in fold it motion several time to make a ball.
Cover it let it rest for 1 hour. 
Put the pizza stone in the stove and broil it for about 40 minutes. Then turn the convection bake 550 F.
After 1 hour put a little olive oil on your hands and take the dough out (make sure the top stay on top when you put the dough on the table).
Put a little olive oil on your hands and tap the dough a few times.
Divide the dough into 9 – 10 pieces and make a ball.
Put the ball on the floured pan, make sure you left room for the dough to grow.
Put a little of olive oil on top of the ball and cover it with plastic wrap. Let it rest for 2 hours in room temperature.

Bake in the oven for 5 minutes then turn it and bake another 5 minutes.


Recipes 2
Make Polish
400 ml water
400 gr flour
5 gr yeast
5 gr honey

Mix water, yeast, honey till well combined then add the flour. Mix well. Let it rest for 1 hour in room temperature then put it in the fridge for 16 – 24 hours.

The next day
To the polish add 10 gr of olive oil and 200 ml water. Mix it well.
Add 20 gr of salt. Mix it well.
Add 430 gr flour.
Mix it to combine then dump it on the table. Knead it and make it to a ball (it’s sticky).
Cover it and let it rest for 15 minutes. Wash your hands.
After 15 minutes, put a little olive oil on your hands and tap the dough a couple time with your hands.
With your hands in the middle of the dough, lift the dough and lift the dough and fold. Do this several times to make a smooth dough.
Divide it into 250 gr ball each. Put it on a floured pan. If the dough too sticky use a little flour to help you.
Let it rise for 1 hour at room temperature, then take it out and make it to a ball again (put a little olive oil on your hands). Let it rest for 30 minutes. 
After 30 minutes, reshape the dough again (put a little olive oil on your hands) and rest it for another 30 minutes.
Then you can make the pizza.
