INGREDIENTS 
8-10 eggs 
2 star anise 
4 bay leaves 
2 tsps Sichuan peppercorn 
1 cinnamon stick 
3 cloves garlic, crushed 
2 dried red chilies, optional 
6 Tbsps soy sauce 
2.5 Tbsps dark soy sauce 
1 Tbsp brown sugar 
1 tsp salt 
2 Tbsp black tea leaves or 5 tea bags 
2.5 cups water 

Instructions 
Take the eggs out of the fridge and leave them on the countertop for 30 minutes to get room temperature. 
Please choose an appropriate-sized pot that fits all the eggs in one layer without leaving empty space. 
Otherwise, you have to add more water in order to immerse everything. 
Add the eggs, star anise, bay leaves, Sichuan peppercorns, cinnamon stick, dried red chilies (optional), 
garlic cloves, soy sauce, dark soy sauce, brown sugar, salt, black tea, and water into the pot. 
Ulong tea will also work. Turn the heat to medium and bring everything to a boil. 
Please don’t go away because you need to start counting the time as soon as the pot comes to a boil. 
If you miss the moment, you will lose track of the doneness. 
Boil the eggs for 4 minutes if you want the yolk to be running; boil for 7 minutes for medium-soft eggs; 
boil for 10 minutes for hard-boiled eggs. The traditional Chinese tea eggs are boiled for at least 40 minutes. 
During the boiling, lightly tap each egg with 2 spoons to break the shells. 
This is an important step for the flavor to infuse deeply. Please be careful; the eggs are not fully cooked yet. 
If you tap too hard, you may smash them. Once done, transfer the eggs into an ice bath for 2 to 3 minutes to stop the cooking process.
If you are making the running yolk tea eggs, you also need to cool the tea brine. 
Just place the pot into the ice water and swirl it around. 
The liquid should cool within 3 minutes because the stainless steel has a really good thermal conductivity. 
You can feel the temperature with your hand. It doesn’t need to be super cold. Lukewarm is fine. 
Pour the tea brine into a nonreactive container. Take the eggs out of the ice water and soak them in the tea brine. 
Make sure everything is well-immersed. Leave them in the fridge for at least 24 hours before eating. 
These eggs can stay good for up to 5 days refrigerated. Just be aware that they will become more flavorful and saltier over time. 
During the soaking, the marinade will steep through the cracks and create that beautiful marble patterns. 
These eggs can be enjoyed cold and room temperature. You can reheat them, but the yolk texture may change. 

