Ingredients
For the noodles and protein
200 grams of dried rice stick noodle
6 cups of boiling water to soak the noodle
70 grams of char siu thinly sliced
150 grams (5.3 oz) of shrimp
A pinch of salt
Some black pepper to taste 
2 eggs

Vegetables and aromatics
70 grams (2.5 oz) of multi-color bell pepper, cut into strips 
42 grams (1.5 oz) of carrot, julienned 
42 grams (1.5 oz) of onion, sliced thinly 
42 grams (1.5 oz) of bean sprout 
28 grams (1 oz) of garlic chive, cut into 1.5 inches long 
2 cloves of garlic sliced thinly 

For the seasonings
1 tbsp of soy sauce 
1 tbsp of fish sauce 
2 tsp of oyster sauce
1 tsp of sugar
1-2 tsp of curry powder depending on your taste
1 tsp of turmeric powder

Instructions
Bring 8 cups of water to a boil then turn off the heat. Soak the rice noodles for 2-8 minutes depending on the thickness. Mine was medium thick and it took about 5 minutes. Do not overcook the noodles, otherwise, they will turn mushy when you stir fry them. You can give it a bite to test it. The noodles should be a little bit chewy at the center. 

Remove the noodles from the water and spread them on a cooling rack. 
Let the rest of the heat helps to evaporate the excess moisture. 
This is the key to avoid clumpy and sticky noodles. 
Do not rinse the noodles with cold water as it will bring in too much moisture and make the noodles stick to the wok badly. 

SLice the Char sui thinly; Seasoned the shrimp with a pinch of salt and some black pepper to taste; 
Crack 2 eggs and beat them well until you don’t see any obvious egg white; Julienne the bell pepper, carrot, onion and cut the garlic chives into 1.5 inches long. 

Before we cooking, thoroughly mix all the sauce ingredients in a bowl. 
Turn the heat to high and heat your wok until smoking hot. 
Add a few tbsp of oil and swirl it around to create a nonstick layer. 
Pour in the egg and wait for it to set. Then break the egg into big pieces. 
Push the egg to the side so you have room to sear the shrimp. The wok is super hot, it only takes 20 seconds for the shrimp to turn pink. 
Push the shrimp to the side and toss the char siu for 10-15 seconds over high heat to reactivate the flavor. 
Take all the proteins out and set them aside. 

Add 1 more tbsp of oil to the same wok, along with the garlic, and carrot. Give them a quick stir then add the noodles. Fluff the noodles over high heat for a few minutes. 

Add the sauce, along with all the vegetables except for the garlic chives. Introduce the protein back into the wok. Quickly stir to make sure the flavor is well combined. Once you don’t see any white rice noodles, add the garlic chives and give it a final toss. 

Before serving, always give it a taste to adjust the flavor. As I mentioned before, different brands of curry powder, curry paste, even soy sauce may vary in sodium level. 
