INGREDIENTS FOR THE CUSTARD FILLING 
160 grams of milk 
65 grams of butter (melted)
1 whole egg 
3 egg yolks 
100 grams of sugar 
40 grams of cake flour 
25 grams of milk powder

INGREDIENTS FOR THE WRAPPER (for 1 recipe and 1.5 recipe measurements)
350 grams of all-purpose flour -Korean brand All Purpose Flour (Beksul) (has more protein) 525 gr
60 grams of sugar 90 gr
190 grams of cold milk 285 gr
10 grams of milk powder 15 gr
6 grams of instant yeast 9 gr
15 grams of softened butter 22.5 gr


INSTRUCTIONS In a mixing bowl, combine 1 whole egg, 3 yolks, 65 grams of melted butter, and 160 grams of milk. 
Make sure the milk is not too cold, otherwise, the melted butter will clump up. 
In a separate bowl, combine our dry ingredients: 40 grams of cake flour, 100 grams of sugar, and 25 grams of milk powder. 
Mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. Let the mixture go through a sieve to get rid of any lumps. 
Use a sauce pot to heat the mixture on the lowest heat and stir it constantly for 12-15 minutes or until the mixture thickens up into scrambled eggs texture. 
Transfer the filling into a container. 
Cover it with a plastic film. Let it sit in the fridge overnight. 
The next day, take it out. Divide it into 12 -14 (25 gram each) even pieces and shape them into round balls. Cover the filling and stick it back into the fridge. 

Now let's make the bun wrapper. Combine 190 grams of cold milk, 60 grams of sugar, and 6 grams of instant yeast together. Stir it well. 
In a Kitchen aid mixing bowl, add 350 grams of all-purpose flour and 10 grams of milk powder. Pour in the yeast milk solution. Stir to mix. 
Use the hook attachment. Let it run on medium-low speed for a couple of minutes. 
Once you cannot see any dried flour bits and the dough is formed into a big rough piece, you can add in 15 grams of softened butter little by little until all the butter is well absorbed. 
Then continue to run the machine for another 8 minutes. 
Once the machine is done kneading, take out the dough and shape it into a round, smooth ball. 
Cover it and let it proof for 1 - 1.5 hours depending on your room temperature 
My room temperature is 75 F and it took about 1 hour and 20 minutes. It should be doubled in volume. 
Lightly dust your finger with some flour and poke a 1/2-inch-deep hole in the middle; the hole remains, so we know we are ready for the next step. 
Make a fist and punch the dough for a minute to eliminate the air bubbles Then, knead it on the working surface for 6-8 minutes. 
Divide it into 12-14 (40 -50 gr each) even pieces. Shape each one into a smooth ball by doing so eliminate more bubbles. Cover them with a plastic wrap and let them rest for about 10 minutes. 
Start with the first ball that we shaped. Dust it with some flour to prevent stickiness. Use a rolling pin to roll it flat. 
Then roll the edge to make it thinner. The size of the wrapper should be about 5 inches in diameter. 
Put the custard filling in the middle. Press it down to compact with the wrapper so you don't trap any air. 
Then use your forefinger and your thumb to squeeze it around and push the wrapper up. 
When you get to the very end, lightly wet your finger with a bit of water so you can pinch and close the bun easily. 
Put the rough side down on a piece of parchment paper. 
Place the buns on a steamer rack. Let all the puns proof inside the steamer for 20 minutes. 

20 minutes later, turn the heat to high. When you see the steam comes out. Switch the heat to medium-low and start counting the time. 
Let it steam for 8-10 minutes. 
Then you can turn off the heat but do not open it immediately; let it sit for at least 3 minutes. 
Souped Up Tip: steamed buns are freezer-friendly, so you can freeze them after they are steamed and they will last about 3 months. 
Whenever you want to eat them again, you don't need to defrost them, just re-stream them for 15 minutes.









