CHICKEN BROTH
2 lbs Chicken (1 large bone in skin on Chicken breast & 3 skinless boneless thighs) 
8 C. Water 
1/4 onion
 3 large garlic cloves (crushed) 
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper 
1/2 tsp freshly ground cumin 
2 large bay leaves 
1 tsp Salt 

Let it to boil on high heat, then turn the heat to low.


GREEN SALSA
8 medium tomatillos 
2 med Poblano peppers 
1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper 
1/2 tsp freshly ground cumin 
4 medium/large garlic cloves 
3 whole Allspice 
Small bunch cilantro 
3/4 tsp Mexican oregano (optional) 
2 tsp chicken bouillon 
1/2 tsp Salt 
2 Tbsp vegetable oil for cooking salsa YOU CAN ADD VERY LITTLE BROTH IF NEEDED (don’t make filling too watery) 

1. Roast the poblano pepper till chard. Take it out and put them in a plastic bag for easy peeling.
2. Boil the tomatillos till the color change (olive green), don’t let the tomatillos split. Let it cool. You can let it run in cold water.
Make sure they are cool.
3. Take the chicken out to cool.
4. Grind black pepper, cumin, allspice.
5. In a blender put tomatillos, poblano peppers, cilantro, spices, garlic, chicken bouillon, salt, mexican oregano. Blend them well.
6. Chopped the chicken rough chop. Put them in a bowl.
7. Medium heat, add 2 tbsp oil, add salsa from blender. Stir for 5 minutes, add the chicken. Stir it. Turn off the heat.


MASA
6 C. MASECA corn masa flour. Fluff the masa before measuring.
1 tsp baking powder 
1 1/4 tsp Salt 
1 1/4 C. Lard (lightly melted) warm, not hot. Not melted all the way.
1/4 C. Vegetable oil for cooking salsa 
4 1/2 C. Broth 

1. Beat the lard (use flat beater) and oil, on low for 5 minutes. 
Add the baking powder, beat for 30 seconds, Add 1 cup the maseca, add the broth. 
Add the maseca and broth in sequence.
2. Take a little of the masa, drop in in a glass of water. If it float, that means it’s ready.


EXTRA INGREDIENTS
12 oz. CREAM CHEESE (or as needed) 
40 CORN HUSKS (or as needed), clean them, soak them in hot water. 
Put something heavy on top. Keep the water hot.
2 large jalapeños cut into strips (optional)



