350 ° till cheese melts 
makes between 14- 20 approx. 

INGREDIENTS FOR CHICKEN BROTH
1 1/4 lb. Boneless chicken breast 
Small celery rib 
1/4 small onion 
1 large garlic clove 
1/4 tsp Salt (you adjust) 
1/4 tsp pepper (you adjust) 
Water to cover chicken 

Boil them then as soon as it boils, turn the heat down to medium low. 
Shread the chicken and cut it small. Put it in a bowl and cover them.

4 large Poblano peppers 
1 Serrano pepper (optional) 
Corn tortillas as needed 
1 C. freshly grated Oaxaca cheese (or other melting cheese) as needed 
1 C. freshly grated Monterrey cheese (or other melting cheese) as needed 
1 roasted poblano pepper (seeds and veins removed and chopped for topping 
2 Tbsp butter 
Cooking oil for frying tortillas (as needed) 

Roast the poblano and serrano peppers till they charred. Remove them to a plastic bag to steam.
Remove the charred skin from the poblano peppers.


POBLANO SAUCE INGREDIENTS 
3 roasted Poblano peppers (seeds and veins removed ) 
1/4 small onion 
1 Serrano pepper (optional) 
Small bunch cilantro 
1 Tbsp Chicken Bouillon 
2 large garlic cloves 
1/2 C. Mexican crema 
2 oz. Cream cheese 
1/4 tsp ground cumin 
1/4 tsp ground Allspice 
1. C. Chicken broth (adjust to your liking)

1. Put 3 roasted poblano peppers, serrano pepper, onion, cilantro, chicken bouillon, garlic cloves,
mexican creama, cream cheese, ground cumin, ground allspice and between 1 – 2 cups chicken broth.
2. Blend it really well.
3. Heat 2 Tbsp of butter in a sauce pan.
4. Add all the poblano mixtures. Stir it, lower the heat and simmer it.


Prepare the tortilla, fried it in the vegetable oil. This process is very quick. Just until the bubble appears on the tortilla and flip it. 
Put it on a plate with paper towel.

Assemble:
In the 13 x 9 glass, lightly oil.
Take one tortilla, run it through the poblano sauce. Add the chicken, cheese, chopped up poblano peppers.
Put it in the glass dish. 
After you finish pour the poblano sauce on top and cheese, chopped poblano peppers.

Bake in 350 F, till the cheese is melted.


