SHRIMP ENCHILADAS in A ROASTED POBLANO CREAM SAUCE have become more popular than ever, whether rolled in the traditional way or made casserole style they are sure to please. SHRIMP ENCILADAS are a treat and a sure way to get away from the traditional chicken or beef recipes. I make them by gently frying a corn tortilla then stuffing them in partially cooked shrimp and my delicious SALSA FRESCA with freshly grated Monterey jack cheese and then topped with my delicious ROASTED POBLANO CREAM SAUCE and more grated Monterey jack cheese on top then baked in a 375° oven for approximately 25 minutes till bubbly, you will never be dissapointed. 


INGREDIENTS 
1 LB.large shrimp (shelled and deveined) 
5 POBLANO peppers 
3 TOMATILLOS 
1 serrano pepper 
small bunch cilantro 
1/4 small onion 
2 large garlic cloves 
1 Tbsp Chicken bouillon 
1/4 tsp ground cumin 
1/2 tsp salt (you decide) 
1/2 tsp black pepper (you decide) 
2 C. Chicken broth 
4 Tbsp butter (divided) 
1 C. heavy cream 
Salsa fresca 
1/2 tsp onion powder 
1/2 tsp garlic powder 
freshly grated Monterey jack cheese (as needed) 

SALSA FRESCA 
1/2 C.CHOPPED ONIONS 
1/2 C. DICED TOMATOES 
1/2 C. CHOPPED CILANTRO


1. Chopped the shrimp into small pieces, put it back in a bowl and refrigerate
2. Take the seeds and vein out of the poblano peppers. Put a rack on the stove and roast the peppers, until charred.
3. While the pepper is roasting. Put the tomatillos and serano pepper in a pot and boil it. 
Until the tomatillos skin change color but the skin not break (don’t over boil, otherwise it will be bitter).
4. Take it out. Put it in a bowl.
5. Put the charred poblano pepper to a bowl and cover with saran wrap for 15 minutes.
6. Put a pan with oil enough to cook the tortilla. It will be fast, until the tortilla bubble a little.
7. Put the tortilla on a sheet with paper towel.
8. Remove the charred skin from the poblano pepper. The cut them up into pieces.
9. Put the poblano peppers, tomatillos, serrano pepper, cilantro, onion, garlic, chicken bouillon, cumin, salt, black pepper, chicken broth in a blender and blend it really well.
10. In a separate pan, melted some butter and add the poblano pepper mixture. Adjust the salt if needed.
11. Until a light bubble appear, add the heavy cream. Continue simmer on low.
12. Melt some butter, add the shrimp, onion powder, garlic powder, salsa fresca. Don’t over cook.
13. Take out 13 x 9 rectangle glass, put a little poblano sauce on the bottom.
14. Take one tortilla, run it through the poblano suaceand put the shrimp mixture, cheese and roll it up.
15. Put the enchiladas to the rectangle glass, put the poblano sauce and cheese on top.
16. Put it in the 375 F oven for 25 minutes. Just till the cheese melted.


