Braised beef ribs ingredients: 

beef ribs: 1 kg 
star anise: 2 
cinnamon: 1 
clove: 4 
bay leaves: 3 
Sichuan peppercorn: 1 tbsp 
dried chili: 1 tbsp 
oil: 1 tbsp 
sugar: 1 tbsp 
green onion: 1 
ginger: 1 small piece 
tomato paste: 1 tbsp 
regular soy sauce: 2 tbsp 
dark soy sauce: 1 tbsp 
salt: 1/8 tsp 
sesames and green onion for garnish

1. Soak beef ribs for 30 minutes, rinse clean
2. Put in the pot with water, bring to a boil over high heat
3. After boiling take them out from the spot wheere the bubbles are coming up. 
So it came out clean, and there is no need to rinse again.
4. Prepare spices: star anise, cinnamon, cloves, bay leaves, shichuan peppercorns and chilies
5. Pressure cooker, pour oil in the pot.
6. Add sugar when the oil is not hot. Heat the pot and oil over a high heat.
7. When the sugar starts to change colour, turn to the lowest heat.
8. When the sugar turns into darker amber, add green onions and ginger.
9. Put in the meat
10. After stir. The caramel is sticked to the meat and turned it into beautiful red colour.
11. Add spices. Stir, Finally add tomato paste to deepen its red colour and enhance its flavour.
12. Continue to stir fry. When the tomato paste and spices are completely fragrant, you can see some brown bits
build up at the bottom of the pan. Add boiling water.
13. Don't add too much, around half the height of meat.
14. Use chopsticks to arrange the ribs, so more ribs can stay under the soup.
15. Add two tablespoons of regular soy sauce and one teaspoon of dark soy sauce.
16. After stirring, taste it before adding salt.
17. Close the lid. After pressure is building up, turn to low heat and cook for 15 minutes.
18. Don't cook it for too long, or the bones will fall off and it won't look good when it's served.
19. After the steam is gone, open the lid. Scoop out the spices. It is Ok to leave som spices in the pot.
20. Then use high heat to remove the excess liquid in the pot. The meat is cooked, stir gently.
21. If the water was added too much, it will take longer to reduce the soup.
22. As the water evaporates, the soup slowly thickens. At this time, it's ready to serve.