Ingredients for Rendang Curry paste 

4 large Spur Chillies (alternatively 10 red bird’s eye chillies-deseeded) 
10 Dry Red Chillies (soaked with water), then dry
6 Shallots 
1 thumb size Ginger 
1 thumb size Galangal 
½ an inch Raw Turmeric 
1 head of Garlic 
4-5 Candlenuts 

Ingredients for Beef Rendang Curry 

1300 gm (3 lb) Beef (Thick & large mix pieces of Chuck Roast & English-style Short Ribs) 
2 tbsp Coriander Powder 
1 inch Cinnamon Stick 
5 Cardamon 
2 Star Anise 
2 Bay Leaves 
5 Kaffir Lime Leaves 
3 Lemongrass 
1 ltr Coconut Milk 
½ cup Fresh or Frozen Grated Coconut (Kerisik-caramel coconut butter) 
1 tsp Tamarind Pulp (diluted in ½ cup water) 
1 ½ tbsp shaved Palm Sugar 
Salt (to taste) 
4 tbsp Coconut Oil (to be used as cooking oil) 

Tambahan bahan dari youtube uda awal resep
1/3 sdt jintan
1/3 butir biji pala
1 bunga pala
5 cengkeh
1/2 sdt merica putih
1/2 sdt merica hitam
1 daun kunyit
2 daun salam
1/2 sdt fenugreek seeds
4 black cardamom

How to Make Rendang Curry Paste

Throw in all the raw ingredients into the blender, add a quarter cup of water (or oil to help to blend) and blend until a smooth paste is attained. 
Transfer the rendang curry paste into a bowl and set it aside. 

How to Make Beef Rendang Curry 

Heat oil in a dutch oven or heavy bottom pan. 
Add the bruised lemongrass stalks, followed by the Rendang curry paste. 
Saute in medium flame upto 10 min until the water in the Rendang curry paste evaporates and the curry paste turns slightly dark. 
Add the powdered and dry spices (coriander, cinnamon, star anise, cardamon, bay leaves) and mix until well incorporated with the curry paste. 
Add the beef pieces, saute for upto 10 min or until the beef loses its raw/red color. 

Add the coconut milk, scape the bottom of the pot to make sure no curry paste is sticking to the bottom of the pot.
Add salt, palm sugar and kaffir lime leaves
Cover and let the Beef Rendang curry simmer in medium-low flame for an hour. Keep checking and stirring every 15-20 min. 

Take the lid off after 2 hours of covered cooking and bring the flame to medium, allowing the curry to further reduce.
Prepare the Kerisik but toasting grated coconut on medium flame for around 10 min or until it has turned caramel colour. 
Pound the grated coconut in a mortar once it has slightly cooled, into a fine paste. 
Add the Kerisik into the Rendang curry and mix well. 

Prepare the tamarind paste, add to the Rendang curry and mix well. After around 3 hours, a thick, rich, caramelized Rendang Beef curry is ready. 
