Poolish
175 gr warm water
1/4 tsp instant yeast
225 gr All Purpose four

Mix together ingredients till well combined, cover with saran wrap, let ferment at room temp for 6 to 24 hours.

Autolyse
180 gr warm water
250 gr All Purpose flour

Into bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, mix your Autolyse (water and flour) on low until combined. Cover with towel and let sit for 30 minutes.

Final Mix
40 gr warm water
5 gr instant yeast
10 gr salt
All of the poolish you mixed earlier.

For your final mix, add warm water, yeast, salt and biga to autolyse and mix on low for 3 minutes (until well combined). 
Increase speed to high and mix for 5 - 9 more minutes (until not stick to the edge). 
When dough is mixed enough it should clear the bowl and begin to get shiny.

Fermenting and Shapping
1. Transfer dough to an oiled bowl. Cover and ferment at room temperature for 30 min. 
2. With a wet hand pull and stretch the dough and fold it over, turn 90 degrees, pull and stretch the dough and fold it over, do this 2 more times. 
Grab the corner and pull that to roll the bottom to the top. Do 4 - 5 the stirring style move. 
Cover again and let sit at room temp for another 30 minutes. 
3. Laminate dough - spray the countertop with water, put the dough to the surface and stretch it to a rectangle (12 -20 inches or 14 to 18 inches). 
Make a letter style fold from the long side then roll it 4-5 rolls from the short side (the side that closer to you). 
4. Put it in a bowl, seam side at the bottom. Rest for 1 hour (rise to about 30%). 
5. Flour the countertop liberally with flour, flour the top of the dough. 
With a scrapper, go around and release the dough, to loosen up the dough to make it easier to release it from the bowl. 
Make sure not to lose the bubble.
6. Put it on the countertop. Gently pat into a square slab. 

Prepare a piece of parchment that’s larger than your slab of ciabatta dough by liberally flouring it. 
Cut dough into two equal rectangles and gently transfer to floured parchment.
Cover and proof at room temp for 30 min.

Baking
Preheat over to 500 F with pizza stone or baking sheet upside down on the middle rack and a cast iron pan in the bottom of my oven.
Boil water.
Slide ciabatta onto baking steel and pour boiling water into cast iron pan in the oven. Cover loaves with turkey pan, decrease heat to 480 F and bake for 12 minutes. 
Remove foil pan and continue to bake for 13-15 minutes until crust is a deep golden brown.

Cool on wire rack.

