Corn Bread Stuffing

For the cornbread:
1 cup yellow cornmeal, preferably organic stone ground
½ cup all purpose flour or whole wheat flour 
¾ tsp salt
1 Tbsp baking powder
½ tsp baking soda
2 eggs 
1 cup plain low fat yogurt or buttermilk 
½ cup milk
1 Tbsp mild honey
2 to 3 Tbsp unsalted butter (to taste) - I used 6 Tbsp for double the recipes 

For the Cornbread and sage stuffing:
2 Tbsp olive oil or 1 Tbsp olive oil and unsalted butter
1 Large onion, finely chopped
Salt to taste
4 stalks celery, cut in small dice
4 garlic, minced
2 tsp rubbed sage, or 2 Tbsp chopped fresh sage
1 Tbsp fresh thyme leaves or 1 ½ tsp dried thyme
½ cup finely chopped flat-leaf parsley
Freshly ground pepper
A double batch of cornbread, crumbled you can do this in a food processor fitted with the steel blade
½ cup milk or chicken broth - a little dry try 3/4 cup, or as necessary, for moistening.
4 Tbsp unsalted butter if baking separately

For the cornbread:
1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. 
Place a 9 inch cast iron skillet, a heavy 2 quart baking dish or a heavy 9 inch square baking pan in the oven while you prepare the batter
2. Place the cornmeal in a bowl, and sift in the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Stir the mixture with a spoon or whisk to amalgamate (combined).
In a separate bowl, beat together the eggs, yogurt (or buttermilk), milk and honey.Whisk the cornmeal mixture into the liquid mixture. 
Do not overwork the batter.
3. Remove the pan from the oven and add the butter to the pan. 
Swirl the pan so that the butter melts quickly before it gets too brown, then quickly whisk the butter into the batter. 
Brush the sides of the pan with any butter remaining in the pan.
4. Quickly scrape all of the batter into the hot pan, and place in the oven. 
Bake 35 to 40 minutes, until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.....(I did convection bake at 400 F for 20 minutes (almost done) then reduce to 375 F till it's done)
It will be quite brown on the edges. Allow the bread to cool in the pan, or serve warm.
5. Heat the olive oil (or oil and butter) over medium het in a large, heavy nonstick skillet, and add the onion. 
Cook, stirring often, until it begins to soften, about three minutes, and add ½ tsp salt and the celery. 
Cook together for another few minutes, until the onion is tender. Add the garlic, and stir together for 30 seconds to a minute, until fragrant. 
Transfer to a large bowl, and add the remaining ingredients. Combine well. Taste and adjust salt. Moisten as desired with milk or chicken broth (I put 1 cup of chicken broth)
6. Stuff the cavity of the turkey, or transfer to a buttered or oiled 2 quart baking dish. Dot with butter. 
Cover with aluminum foil, and heat through in a 325 degree oven for 30 minutes.
