INGREDIENTS
1.8 kg (4 lb) of beef neck bones
1 leak (use the root and the top green part for blanching, reserve the white part for braising) 
5-6 slices of ginger for blanching 
3 tbsp of Chinese cooking wine for blanching 
1-2 inches of ginger for braising 
6-8 cloves of garlic 
2 bay leaves 
1 star anise 
1 cinnamon stick 
1/2 tsp of fennel seeds 
1/2 tbsp of Sichuan peppercorns 
1 small black cardamom 
1/4 of a nutmeg 
1 piece of dried orange peel 
3 tbsp of soybean paste 
1 tbsp of sweet flour paste 
1 tbsp of hoisin sauce 
2 tbsp of fermented bean curd sauce 
3 tbsp of soy sauce 
1.25 tsp of salt
1.5 tbsp of oil to sauté the aromatics and the sauce
1 tbsp of oil to caramelize the sugar 
2 tbsp of sugar 
4.5 cups of water

INSTRUCTIONS
Traditionally, we will use pork leg bones to make this recipe but I couldn't find any today, so I am actually using beef neck bones that have a decent amount of meat attached to the bones.

Transfer the beef neck into an instant pot. Set it aside.

Slice the white part of the leek, 1-2 inches of ginger. Slightly crush 6-8 cloves of garlic. Besides that, you will also need some spices: 2 bay leaves, 1 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 1/2 tsp of fennel seeds, 1/2 tbsp of Sichuan peppercorns, 1 small cardamon, 1/4 of a nutmeg, 1 piece of dried orange peel. Set it aside.

Get your wok ready. Add a drizzle of oil and use it to caramelized 2 tbsp of sugar. Once you see the sugar change to a dark amber color and it is bubbling, you can throw in the aromatic and spices. Stir for a couple of minutes or until the spices are fragrant. Pour in some boiling hot water. Stir to mix. Turn off the heat. Pour this aromatic caramelized sugar solution into the instant pot.

In a sauce bowl, combine the following ingredients: 3 tbsp of soybean paste, 1 tbsp of hoisin sauce, 1 tbsp of Tianmian sauce, 2 tbsp of fermented bean curd sauce, 3 tbsp of soy sauce,1 tsp + 1/4 of salt. 

Use the same wok. Add a drizzle of oil and pour in the sauce. Turn the heat to low. Stir it constantly. The soybean paste and the sweet flour paste has a slightly tart after-taste. Stirring them with a little bit of oil can get rid of that. After a few minutes of cooking on low heat, it will thicken up a little bit. Pour in some water and mix well. Bring this to a boil. Turn off the heat. Pour this flavorful liquid into the instant pot.

Check the liquid amount. It should be just enough to cover the beef neck. I used 4.5 cups of water in total including the water that we added to the caramelized sugar and the sauce mixture before. But it will depend on the size of your cookware. If you end up needing more water, that’s completely fine. Just make sure you adjust the saltiness as well. 

Set the knob at the sealing position. For beef neck bone, we will use the stew method and set it at 40 minutes. If you are using pork bones, you probably only need 30 minutes. It takes some time for the instant pot to be pressurized, and after it is done cooking it also needs some time for the valve to be unlocked. In total it will need about 1 hour of waiting.
