Beef Empanadas Recipe
America's Test Kitchen - season 11, episode 3, Tostadas and Empanadas 
makes 12 empanadas
Ingredients
FILLING 
1 lb 85% lean ground chuck 
2 tbsp plus ½ cup low-sodium chicken broth 
1 large slice white sandwich bread, torn into quarters 
Ground black pepper & table salt 
1 tbsp olive oil 
4 medium garlic cloves, minced or pressed through garlic press (about 4 tsp) 
2 medium onions, chopped fine (about 2 cups) 
¼ tsp cayenne 
1 tsp ground cumin 
⅛ tsp ground cloves 
2 hard-cooked eggs, coarsely chopped 
½ cup packed cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped 
¼ cup pitted green olives, coarsely chopped 
⅓ cup raisins, coarsely chopped 
4 tsp cider vinegar 

DOUGH 
1 cup (5 oz) masa harina 
3 cups (15 oz) unbleached all-purpose flour, plus extra for dusting work surface 
2 tsp table salt 
1 tbsp sugar 
12 tbsp (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, cut into ½-in cubes and chilled 
½ cup cold water 
½ cup cold vodka or tequila 
5 tbsp olive oil (for baking empanadas) 
Instructions
1. FOR THE FILLING: Process bread and 2 tbsp chicken broth in food processor until paste forms, about 5 seconds, scraping down sides of bowl as necessary. Add beef, ½ tsp pepper, and ¾ tsp salt and pulse until mixture is well combined, six to eight 1-second pulses. 
2. Heat oil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add onions and cook, stirring frequently, until beginning to brown, about 5 min. Stir in cloves, garlic, cayenne, cumin; cook until fragrant, about 1 min. Add beef mixture and cook, breaking meat into 1-inch pieces with wooden spoon, until browned, about 7 min. Add remaining ½ cup chicken broth and simmer until mixture is moist but not wet, 3 to 5 min. Transfer mixture to bowl and cool 10 min. Stir in eggs, vineger, olives, raisins, and cilantro. Season with pepper and salt to taste and refrigerate until cool, about 1 hr. (Filling can be refrigerated for up to 2 days.) 
3. FOR THE DOUGH: Process masa harina, 1 cup flour, salt, and sugar in food processor until combined, about two 1-second pulses. Add butter and process until homogeneous and dough resembles wet sand, about 10 seconds. Add remaining 2 cups flour and pulse until mixture is evenly distributed around bowl, 4 to 6 quick pulses. Empty mixture into large bowl. 
4. Sprinkle tequila or vodka and water over mixture. Using hands, mix dough until it forms tacky mass that sticks together.
Divide dough in half, then divide each half into 6 equal pieces. Transfer dough pieces to plate, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 45 minutes or up to 2 days. 
5. TO ASSEMBLE: Adjust oven racks to upper- and lower-middle positions, place 1 baking sheet on each rack, and heat oven to 425 degrees. While baking sheets are preheating, remove dough from refrigerator. Roll each dough piece out on lightly floured work surface into 6-in circle about ⅛ inch thick, covering each dough round with plastic wrap while rolling remaining dough. Place about 1/3 cup filling in center of each dough round. Brush edges of dough with water and fold dough over filling. Trim any ragged edges. Press edges to seal. Crimp edges of empanadas using fork. 
6. TO BAKE: Drizzle 2 tbsp oil over surface of each hot baking sheet, then return to oven for 2 minutes. 
Brush empanadas with remaining tbsp oil. 
Carefully place 6 empanadas on each baking sheet and cook until well browned and crisp, 25 to 30 min, rotating baking sheets front to back and top to bottom halfway through baking. Cool empanadas on wire rack 10 min and serve. 

