http://4everyoungfam.blogspot.com/2010/03/50-cookbooks-inside-americas-test.html

 50 cookbooks ~ Inside America's Test Kitchen (Chilled Lemon Souffle)

Here is another cookbook that has not been used too much here. Brian gave me
this one quite awhile ago, I think just because. We were having a family get
together at my parents house, and I was asked to bring dessert. We had all
requested that my Mom make Indian food, and I wanted to make something light
that used citrus. I happened upon this recipe, and thought it would be perfect.
Perfect it was, everyone loved it! This one will be a family favorite for sure.
The only change I made was using meyer lemons. I think you could use any type
of citrus. The only problem with the recipe is that you can't make it the day
before. I also discovered there are many other great recipes in this book, and
I can't wait to try some others.


Chilled Lemon Souffle

serves 4-6


* 1/2 cup meyer lemon juice
* 2 1/2 tsps. grated zest
* 1 packet unflavored gelatin
* 1 cup whole milk (next time I will try a lower-fat milk)
* 3/4 cup sugar
* 5 large egg whites (room temp)
* 2 yolks (room temp)
* 2 ounces white chocolate
* 1/4 tsp. cornstarch
* Pinch cream of tarter
* 3/4 cup heavy cream


1. Place the lemon juice in a small nonreactive bowl; sprinkle the gelatin
over. Set aside.


2. Heat the milk and 1/2 cup sugar i a medium sauce pan over medium-low heat,
stirring occasionally, until steaming and the sugar is dissolved, about 5
minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the yolks, 2 tablespoons sugar, and
cornstarch in medium bowl until pale yellow and thickened. Whisking constantly,
gradually add the hot milk to the yolks. Return the milk-egg mixture to the
saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, over medium-low heat until the foam has
dissipated to a thin layer and the mixture thickens to the the consistency of
heavy cream and registers 185 degrees on an instant-read thermometer, about 4
minutes. Pour the mixture through a mesh sieve and into a medium bowl; add the
white chocolate and incorporate stir in the lemon juice mixture and zest. Set
the bowl with the custard in a large bowl of ice water; stir occasionally to
cool.


3. While the custard mixture is chilling, in the bowl of a standing mixer
fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar on
medium speed until foamy, about 1 minute. Increase the speed to medium-high;
gradually add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and continue to beat until
glossy and the whites hold soft peaks when the beater is lifted, about 2
minutes longer. Do not over beat. Remove the bowl containing the custard
mixture from the ice water bath; gently whisk in about one third of the egg
whites, then fold in the remaining whites with a large rubber spatula until
almost no white streaks remain.


4. In the same mixer bowl (you do not need to wash it), using the whisk
attachment, beat the cream on medium-high speed until soft peaks form when the
beater is lifted, 2-3 minutes. Fold the cream into the custard and egg-white
mixture until no white streaks remain.


5. Pour into a 1 1/2 quart serving bowl. Chill until set but not stiff, about 1
1/2 hours, and serve.


xoxo
