
  Chocolate Rum Cake (From Scratch Tortuga Copycat Recipe)

                                   
   Rum Cake has long been my favorite type of Christmas treat. When we were
kids, my dad used to pick up a cake from a local health food restaurant to
serve with Christmas Eve dinner. I have no idea why the place made
totally-not-at-all healthy rum cake, but it did, and it was delicious, and
yes...we ate it even though we were kids. (Well, I did--my brother was never a
fan.) Incidentally, I was recently working on a project where a little girl
mentioned that her favorite type of cake was "rum cake," so I know I'm not the
only one.

   I first posted my [18]original recipe for Rum Cake from Scratch
   back in March of 2011. Since then, it's definitely become one of the most
   popular ones on this site for people looking for a way to recreate that
   moist, boozy Tortuga-style rum cake without all the funky additions of box
   mixes.  I decided to revisit it this year with a From Scratch Chocolate
   Rum Cake Version for your holiday (or any day) pleasure.

   The chocolate flavor in this cake comes from a combination of both cocoa
   powder (use the regular unsweetened, not dutch process kind) and melted
   chocolate chips. Together they give the cake a rich chocolate flavor and
   lovely dark color. I also added cocoa to the soaking syrup at the end, for
   additional deliciousness.
    
   [19][IMG]I baked some of my batter in tiny little bundt cake molds, for
   individual treats, and it works just as well either way. They actually
   came out looking like rum cake donuts. Christmas breakfast idea, perhaps?
   I've included baking times for both, below.

   The first time I made this cake, I had a bundt cake disaster and it
   wouldn't come out of the mold (happens to the best of us!), so I decided
   to use that cake to make Chocolate Rum Cake Truffles and I daresay they're
   even BETTER than the cake itself.  


   A Few Notes Based on Previous Questions:

  * Cornstarch is also known as "cornflour" in the UK and other countries.
  * 1 cup DIY pudding mix is equivalent to 1 standard 3.4oz package
     of boxed mix
  * Use regular "unsweetened cocoa powder" (such as Hershey's), 
    not Dutch Process
  * Yes, you can replace Kahlua, for a Kahlua rum cake.
    •A spiced rum such as Bacardi Oakheart, Captain Morgan, or Sailor
     Jerry would be wonderful here.
     Dark rum is preferred, but you CAN use white rum if that's what
     you have.
  * You can use equal amounts of brewed coffee instead of the rum for
     a non-alcoholic version. 


   ****
   New to Always Order Dessert? Consider [22]subscribing to my RSS feed,
   follow me [23]on Twitter, become a fan on [24]Facebook, or sign up to
   receive my once-a-week e-mail updates by filling in your address in the
   box on the right. And if you ever need any entertaining or cooking advice,
   please don't hesitate to [25]e-mail me. Thanks for reading! 

     Chocolate Rum Cake Recipe (Totally from scratch! No box mixes.)

     Ingredients
     1/2 cups walnuts, crushed
     1 1/2 cups granulated white sugar (1 1/4 cups for less sweet)
     1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, softened
     3 tablespoons + 1/2 cup vegetable oil, divided
     1 3/4 cup all purpose flour
     1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not dutch process)
     4 teaspoons baking powder
     1 teaspoon kosher salt
     1 cup DIY vanilla pudding mix ([26]click for my easy homemade pudding
     mix recipe; if you prefer, you can use 1 box of packaged instant vanilla
     or chocolate pudding mix OR substitute 1/3 cup dry milk powder + 1/3 cup
     cornstarch + 1/3 additional cup sugar and increase vanilla extract by 1
     teaspoon)
     3/4 cup whole milk
     1/4 cup bittersweet chocolate chips
     3/4 cup dark rum
     1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract
     4 large eggs

     For the syrup
     1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter
     1/2 cup water
     3/4 cup granulated white sugar
     1 teaspoon Kosher salt
     1/4 cup cocoa powder
     1/2 cup dark rum
     Directions
     Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease and flour bunt pan, and drop crushed
     walnuts into the bottom of the pan. Set aside.

     In the base of a mixer, cream the sugar and butter for 3 minutes. Mix in
     the 3 tablespoons oil, flour, cocoa, baking powder, salt, and pudding
     mix.

     In a small saucepan, combine the whole milk and chocolate chips and stir
     over low heat until the chocolate is melted. Set aside and let cool
     slightly. In a separate bowl, whisk together the remaining 1/2 cup oil,
     rum, vanilla, and eggs. Stir in the cooled chocolate milk mixture.

     Add the wet ingredients to the dry mix and mix until smooth with no
     lumps. The batter should be very thin and pour easily. Pour batter into
     the prepared bundt pan and bake 50- to 60 minutes, or until a tester
     inserted in the cake comes up clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes,
     then invert onto a rack. Let cool for 20-30 minutes.

     While the cake cools, prepare the rum syrup. In a large saucepan with
     high sides, combine the butter, water, granulated sugar, salt, and cocoa
     powder. Cook over medium heat until the butter completely melts and the
     sugar dissolves. Let reduce slightly, keeping an eye on it so it doesn’t
     boil over. Remove from the heat and stir in the rum (it will bubble).

     Wash and dry the bundt pan, then place over the cool cake and invert the
     cake back into the pan. Pour the hot rum syrup all over the cake and let
     soak for 8 hours (overnight). In morning, invert the cake back onto a
     serving platter. Keeps covered for 1 week at room temperature.

     Variation: This can also be made in mini bundt pans; bake at the same
     temp about 17-20 minutes, depending on how mini your pans are.

